# Monopoly

#### Team Members:
- Lam Kam Chung, Sam (UID:3035788118)
- Leung Sin Wai, Jeffrey (UID:3035821544)

#### Game Description & Game rules

Monopoly is one of the most famous board games in the world. It is popular because of its easy-to-learn rules. We are trying to build monopoly game in C/C++ based on text. So that it can run by Linux and via SSH. In case you do not know what is monopoly, players roll dice to move across the game board in order to trade properties. Players will be given a certain amount of money when they pass through the starting point. Once players land on other players' property, players have to pay rent to the owner. Random events such as tax squares, Chance and Community Chest cards is also presented in this game. Player may gain or lose their money though the random events generated by drawing the Chance and Community Chest cards or lose money when they land on a tax squares. The game runs until players go bankrupt in order to select the remaining winner.

##### Rules
- Each player can get $150000 at start.
- Rolling dice
    - There are total of 40 squares in the board, meaning a total of 40 steps to roll for a loop.
    - If the number of two dice match the same, that player is given a bonus roll. However, if it match the same for consequently 3 times, go to jail immediately.
- Events
    - When players finish a loop (land on or pass through "START"), a $2000 reward a given.
    - When players land on Income Tax Square, either pay 10% of total capital or $2000.
- Properties
    - Players can buy a property on empty lands when they step on that square.
    - They can only buy the lands when they have enough money.
    - If a player steps on a land which is owned by another player, the player should pay the according rent.
    - Player in jail can also receive rival's rent.
- Chance and Community Chest
    - When players step on the “Chance” square, draw a “Chance” card from the deck.
    - Same as land on "Community Chest" square.
    - The cards contains different random events, such as receiving jackpot from the bank, go to specific places, giving money to rivals, etc.
- Jail
    - When players step on “Go To Jail” square, go to jail immediately.
    - When players get into jail, the jail will give you choices to make: either choose rolling dice or charge $50 to get out instantly.
    - If the player choose charging $50, he can get out from jail and wait for next round.
    - If which need to roll a double. If that player succeeds, he can leave. If not, wait for the next round.
    - After 3 rounds of failure on rolling a double, player has to leave the jail with $50 force charge.
- Endgame
    - The last player that remain from rival's bankruptcy would be the winner.

#### Features
1. Rolling of dice
    - The rolling of dice is generated by a random function (element1)
2. The total money amount of players
    - Using dynamic memory management to update the current situation.(element2,3)
3. Record the game status
    - Game status is output to a file for recording (element4)
4. Chance and Community Chest cards
    - Drawing random events from a list (element1)
5. Contains different functions to different files (element5)
6. Records and reading the users location 
    - Using vector to store the users location and using dynamic memory management update immediately(element2,3)
7. Jail
    - Player will be skipped for maximum 3 turns. User status is updated by vector and using dynamic memory management update immediately(element2,3)
